---
layout: posts
title: "2021-2022 Board Elections"
date: 2021-09-09
excerpt: "Nominations open until 9/16, ballots due 9/23"
---
Are you interested in advancing informatics skills and reproducible science at UF? 
Join the UF Carpentries Club Board!

The Carpentries is an international organization that teaches foundational coding and data science skills to researchers worldwide. The UF Carpentries Club is dedicated to bringing the inclusive and supportive culture and curricula to the University of Florida, primarily through 2-day instructional workshops in R, Python, GitHub and more!

Our Board is composed of 7 representatives, who coordinate the workshop schedule, interface with our supporters, and create opportunities for peer learning at UF and beyond. As a member of the Board, you will network with data science peers from different backgrounds, be involved in the organizational aspects of the largest cross-departmental group promoting informatics literacy at UF, and help make the local Carpentries community grow and be successful.

If you would like to become more involved in lesson planning, teaching, community building, and more, please consider self-nominating for a Board position for the academic year October 2021- September 2022.

The eligibility criteria for individuals to stand for election to the Board are:

1. Is a member of the “UF community”, broadly defined (student, staff, faculty, associated researcher, etc).
2. Has participated in a Carpentry event in any capacity (learner, helper, instructor, organizer, host, or funder) at UF or elsewhere in the past 2 years.

Positions vary based on the elected board’s skillset and desired contribution. Typical positions include:
Carpentries Coordinator (coordinates communication with The Carpentries international organization to maintain our membership, coordinate instructor trainings, etc)
Social Media Coordinator (creates and posts events and announcements to Facebook and Twitter)
Data Master (manages data on Github)
Meeting Chair (creates zoom link for meeting, posts agenda to Github, sends notice of meeting email to Informatics & Carpentries board with appropriate links; this position rotates every 2 meetings to a different board member and all board members share this responsibility at some time during their term)
Secretary (takes meeting notes during board meetings and posts to Github after meeting; this position rotates every 2 meetings to a different board member and all board members share this responsibility at some time during their term)

In addition, one Board member may be designated the “outreach Board member”. The criteria for individuals to stand for election to outreach Board member are:

1. Must not be located on the main Gainesville campus of UF.
2. Is not required to be a member of the UF community.
3. Is not required to have instructed, organized, or financially supported a Carpentry workshop.
4. Prior experience with or knowledge of the Carpentries is preferred.

Candidates will self nominate with a short statement (< 300 words) to be publicly posted for voters to review. If you would like to serve as an “outreach board member” please note this in your statement. The deadline for self-nominations is 11:59 pm on Thursday, September 16th.

You can self-nominate by filling out the form here: 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeQ2kFPbyPOyp_bOYws_eE1CuQL-IFzzL_4BEjpmscV2n8pvQ/viewform?usp=sf_link

The election committee will review the eligibility of all nominees. Candidates’ statements will then be posted to our website and an email will be sent to the informatics listserv before voting begins. 

